hello I'm Matt Guf from the house comm
and this is a Burton diode est snowboard
binding it's a high-performance
super responsive snowboard binding for
that advanced level rider out there the
diode est has a response rating of an 8
it's really stiff that's because it's a
high back and the dual component carbon
nylon baseplate yeah it has a hinge
system as well so there's two different
parts to this baseplate there's our
there's upper part where the heel cup is
and then the lower part is where I mean
it's actually attached to your snowboard
and it features the hinge system which
gives you this binding rebound
properties it helps you to - all you a
little bit better it makes it feel like
you're all eating a skateboard more and
you can really tweak out your tricks and
really poke them out now this is a given
be a lightweight binding that's because
of the Shred bed as well and all the
Shred bed is a removable bed you can get
a different sized bed if you'd like but
what's great about is there's literally
nothing underneath your foot except for
padding and that's uh that's because the
engineers wanted this binding to help
you feel the snow underneath your feet
now of course the Himax can be nice and
rigid it's a ultra lightweight high back
featuring four lean of course there's a
little bit of padding or a little bit
evie a in the heel area but that's about
it
if you want instant response this is the
this is the high back that's going to
give it to you now there's a new strap
to the line or to the dial it's called a
hammock strap it is a 3d formed it looks
futuristic and it absolutely is these
spines give this this strap a little bit
of structure that support and then the
3d webbing actually gives the binding
strap comfort when you hand it on you
literally don't feel that it's on you
feel that there's your Buddhist you know
like snug in your body but you really
won't feel the strap putting pressure on
your boot and then there's of course the
get a grip or the lightweight get a grip
cap strap now this thing push your foot
down and push it back into the heel cup
as well and both straps feature the
brand new double take buckles what's
unique about
these buckles is that the teeth are
actually they have double-sided teeth
well the latter has two sides to it
there's angled teeth on one side which
guide the ladder into the buckle and
then on the underside of the ladder the
teeth hold the ladder in place inside of
the bending it's called the new double
take buckle it's pretty pretty wrap so
here it is this is the Burton diode EST
still we're binding if you want a really
comfortable responsive and
high-performing binding you can check it
out at the house calm